List changes (#3780)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: RationaleMCP/Changes/Readme.md

> This list the semantic changes in the various versions.

Reviewer: Wording:
```suggestion
This directory contains descriptions of semantic changes introduced in the various versions.
```
